---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-05T17:15:09.502Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-05T17:15:07.221Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-05-5f2174a7-221b-4dc9-88a5-5b0f850d2d6f.md
published: true
url: 5f2174a7-221b-4dc9-88a5-5b0f850d2d6f/index.html
_type: Article

---
I ran into someone the other day, who told me that almost every day, they stop and take their lawn chair out of their vehicle, and sit with my dad (at his grave). 

I never would have thought - and it means so much to me to know.

So many people pass by there, I have no idea how many people stop...but knowing these things brings me some sort of comfort in solidarity, that we all love and miss him. 

The same day, my husband was talking to me about his job - a job he didn't have before my dad passed. I've said numerous times about how my dad would have loved to hear about it, he'd have questions to ask... but it was when my husband started talking about "the engineers" that I lost it. He sounded just like my dad. My dad would tell us about those college educated "engineers" that couldn't figure stuff out IRL. Those young men that he challenged when they were there, 2-4 times a month, they took off work, and traveled across the state to come to his funeral. My brother and I were so deeply heartfelt in our gratitude that they came. They told us how he would tell them they did the job wrong, but would make them figure it out. He was teaching them the same way he taught us. He challenged them, and we knew what it was like to be on the receiving end of that challenge... we were all siblings in that way, and I don't know that they will ever know how very much that could mean to us. 

I appreciate the thought and connection so much. I miss my dad, and knowing other people do helps me feel a little closer to him. We aren't meant to be alone.