---
datePublished: '2016-08-31T19:09:15.158Z'
inFeed: true
author: []
via: {}
dateModified: '2016-08-31T19:09:00.465Z'
title: fear n’at.
publisher: {}
description: >-
  Aware of how she ends her sentences with “n’at”, I sit opposite my
  grandmother, her laptop open,  ready to teach her (again) how to check her
  email.  I don’t mind doing this 100 times (I already think I have) I only mind
  that she’s afraid to try, afraid she’ll break it, afraid she’ll do something
  wrong. I tell her not to worry. She asks me if “Pinterest” is on her computer,
  or just her tablet. I make a bookmark for her.  We talk about “Pinterest” and
  I explain again, how it’s like cork boards on your walls, full of articles and
  recipes. We talk about “bookmarks”. I don’t share my pin boards.  I curb my
  language to exclude elements that give away my evils - refrain from card game
  names, mentions of divining tools, or deep personal beliefs…while we discuss
  hers.
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-08-31-fear-nat.md
_type: Blurb

---
# fear n'at.

Aware of how she ends her sentences with "n'at",  
I sit opposite my grandmother, her laptop open,   
ready to teach her (again) how to check her email.   
I don't mind doing this 100 times (I already think I have)  
I only mind that she's afraid to try, afraid she'll break it, afraid she'll do something wrong. I tell her not to worry. She asks me if "Pinterest" is on her computer, or just her tablet. I make a bookmark for her.   
We talk about "Pinterest" and I explain again, how it's like cork boards on your walls, full of articles and recipes. We talk about "bookmarks". I don't share my pin boards.   
I curb my language to exclude elements that give away my evils - refrain from card game names, mentions of divining tools, or deep personal beliefs...while we discuss hers.

There is no room for me here. In a place where all is good or evil. Where you follow blindly, and strive to be "good", there is no room for my thoughts and anger - the fire that burns within. 

My grandma asks and I will tell her, but mostly, she doesn't, and I don't speak the names, words that will trigger the evil detector. We walk this line.

There is so much love, but acceptance can't gap the trenches that religion creates. There is no room for acceptance when the trenches are filled with the opposite of love.

We had a conversation once, she asked me, "Do you know the opposite of love?"  
"Yes," I replied, "it's fear".  
She was surprised that I knew this, for almost everyone, including her, had answered "hate". She was still astonished by this revelation among the congregation.  
But most don't see things for what they truly are.